# COM3529 assignment feedback for dhariga1

## Part 1 – Automatic Requirement Generation

### 1. Data structure

**Description:** the extent to which it fully handles arbitrary predicates individual relational and boolean conditions represented and, or, not represented

**Verdict:** Partial solution - good attempt.

**Comment:** Attempt to represent the objects in classes and data structures but the classes are designed based on functions not objects.

### 2. Equivalent condition identification.

**Description:** Recognises inverted conditions, recognises different ordering of operands.

**Verdict:** No solution at all (no evidence of criterion being attempted).

**Comment:** No recognition of "equivalent" conditions.

### 3. Automatic MCDC Requirement Generation (i)

**Description:** Generates all combinations. Handles ORs, ANDs, NOTs. Fully handles all arbitrary conditions.

**Verdict:** Very basic attempt at a solution (evidence of criterion being attempted, but hardly functioning).

**Comment:** No handling of all types of conditions

### 4. Automatic MCDC Requirement Generation (ii)

**Description:** Generation of restricted MCDC requirements. The extent to which this is implemented and correctly functions.

**Verdict:** Partial solution - good attempt.

**Comment:** An attempt and works to the best of my judgement. No proper handling of all predicates

### 5. Automatic MCDC Requirement Generation (iii)

**Description:** Generation of correlated MCDC requirements. The extent to which this is implemented and correctly functions.

**Verdict:** Partial solution - good attempt.

**Comment:** An attempt and works to the best of my judgement. No proper handling of all predicates

## Part 2 – Automatic Test Case Generation

### 6. Instrumentation

**Description:** The extent to which the scheme proposed supports monitoring of satisfied conditions for test input generation 

**Verdict:** Full solution.

**Comment:** Instrumentation possibly more convoluted than it needs to be but works well.

### 7. Test Input Generation

**Description:** The extent to which inputs are generated by the tool to satisfy the test requirements generated. 

**Verdict:** Full solution.

**Comment:** Test inputs generated randomly with options to set the limit on the number of iterations attempted. User has to judge whether the requirements are feasible however.

### 8. JUnit file Generation

**Description:** The extent to which the tool produces a JUnit file automatically. 

**Verdict:** Partial solution - significant shortcomings.

**Comment:** Uncompilable JUnit files generated for the test subjects. The test files needed to fixed first

### 9. Assertion Generation

**Description:** The level to which assertions are generated to check the inputs generated.

**Verdict:** Full solution.

**Comment:** Assertions generated for the JUnit tests.

### 10. The README.md file

**Description:** The extent to which it was easy to follow the student’s submission, install it, clearly documented etc.

**Verdict:** Partial solution - good attempt.

**Comment:** A very simple README.md file that contained only instructions to run the tool and it didn’t contain any explanations of the structure of the project.

### 11. Video

**Description:** The extent to which the video assisted in assessing the other criteria based on the information given. 

**Verdict:** Partial solution - good attempt.

**Comment:** Shows the tool fully working but it was without audio and didn’t show your code structure.

### 12. Evaluation subjects

**Description:** Number and quality. Do they fully show off the strengths and weaknesses of the student’s solution (i.e., involve different, varied types of predicate), or are they limited.

**Verdict:** Partial solution - good attempt.

**Comment:** Two subjects. Do not seem to cover OR predicates or predicates with negations.

## Summary

A decent, solution to the assignment. The video and README.md file were clear as to what you've done. You could have included a wider variety of examples to show off your tool.

**Final Mark:** 66

Please note that marks are unconfirmed until the spring module board.
